Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Previously on Ghost...
We got the soldiers.
We know the game.
Nothing about you Tejada niggas
living in a dead man's penthouse
make me want to work with you.
Monet Tejada has known
ties to Dante Spears.
There's our RICO.
Once virality hits.
it'll take off overnight.
CrashCoin.
It's worth about a
trillionth of a cent.
Okay. Brayden Weston.
What exactly would
make you happy?
Do you want to talk about that.
or do you want to do something
that'll make us both happy?
We might be able to
get Theo out of prison.
Seriously?
This might be the closest
we've ever gotten.
Lauren. what the fuck?
You told her to kill me?
- Who?
- Effie.
I know you killed Lauren.
I want you to fucking say it!
I did it for you to protect you.
You can't just kick
me out of the company
that we built together.
This is as much my
shit as it is yours.
Your father's life insurance?
Your family should invest
this into Weston Holdings.
Criminality has its own fate.
You need to leave now.
I'll slide you some product.
Tariq never has to know.
Why would you do that. Cane?
I want to look out for you.
I still gotta find a place
to stash this product
my dad had me running
at the candy store.
Not yet. Let's see what
else those cameras catch.
Who the fuck is shooting at us?
The Russians!
They're gonna figure it out. Mo.
and when they do.
those kids are never
gonna forgive you.
Bitch-ass motherfucker.
I'm here. What's your
fucking emergency?
I'm gonna need you
to back off Drew.
You really want
to talk about Drew
when shit's going down
with the Russians?
Look. this shit is on you
for pinning Renzo's
murder on them.
You didn't have to bring the
fucking Russians into this.
And now Dru's in
their crosshairs.
Look. I'm not about
to let you get my son
all fucked up over this.
Now. walk away.
What the fuck is so funny?
You're not scared about
the Russians hurting Dru.
You're scared that
he's gonna find out
you're the reason his
father is six feet under.
You and I both know this is
a problem for both of us.
Not if we both keep
our mouth shut.
Then Dru never has to know
his mami wanted his papi gone.
Boy. is you threatening me?
I'm telling you that this is
how this is going to work.
I'm gonna keep seeing Dru.
and you ain't gonna
do shit about it.
Is that right?
That's right.
Lauren. how are you?
I'm still dead.
Thanks for asking.
What do you want?
I'm trying to figure out
how to get us out of this shit.
To get us out of this.
I need you to tell me
what the feds have on
me. though. please.
Why would I do that. Tariq?
You are the reason my entire
life has been taken away.
Lauren. I'm sorry
about that. okay.
but I'm trying to fix this.
Really?
They say you're a killer.
A monster.
Yeah. well if I'm a monster.
I was made into one.
It's never your fault. is it?
You don't care who you
hurt to get what you want.
Me. your sister...
My sister?
Listen. my sister was murdered
by a dirty cop
that was after me.
Did the person that said I
was a monster tell you that?
No.
Judge me if you want. but
I did what I had to do
to protect the people
I love. my family.
All right. I tried
doing that for you.
and I'm still trying.
Look. I know all you want
is to be with your family
right now. same as me.
Okay. and that's why
we should cooperate
with the feds.
You know. we should
testify so we can be free
and get our old lives back.
No. all right.
that's not an option.
Even if we don't catch
a bullet for testifying.
they're gonna go throw
us straight into WITSEC.
We won't be able to see
our families ever again.
won't be able to live the life
that we dreamed about. Lauren.
Look. if you want
your old life back.
you need to help me. all right?
I want to believe you. Tariq.
But I just...
I don't trust you.
All right.
Well. I'll do whatever
to get you there.
I promise.
I'm coming!
Oh. my God. yes. yes!
Oh. my God.
Oh. fuck. that was so good.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. I guess I'm just
a little distracted.
You know. I figured
Tariq and I would
be good by now.
but we're not.
Shit's just never been
like this before. you know?
Well. you know. sometimes
friends come and go.
You cry about it a little.
and then you move on.
Yeah. Tariq's not
just my friend. Keke.
He's. like.
literally my brother.
Your brother or your
business partner?
I know that you and
Tariq are dealing drugs
- out of Weston Holdings.
- Okay. wh...
What the fuck are
you talking about?
Boy. stop.
I literally helped you
guys create a paper trail
for a $2 million cash deposit.
Yeah. my client
doesn't trust banks.
Brayden...
then explain CrashCoin.
a cryptocurrency you control
that's only used to buy coffee
w-with these false bottoms.
perfect for storing drugs.
Yeah. air pockets
keep coffee hot.
Everybody knows that.
Yeah. you admitted that
you were the mastermind
of the Stansfield
drug operation.
Admit it.
You're doing the same
thing at Weston Holdings.
Fuck.
Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
Relax.
I'm not gonna say anything.
I actually think your
operation is pretty ingenious.
You do?
Mm-hmm. I mean. you
created a strategy.
Distribute illegal drugs
and clean the money
all in one fell swoop.
I'm impressed.
Yeah. well. that's how we roll.
You know. Tariq figured
out the coffee side.
but I brought in CrashCoin.
Teamwork makes the
dream work. Am I right?
You know. for what it's worth.
CrashCoin was the hard part.
I mean. anybody
can dress up drugs.
I can't even legitimise millions
of dollars of cash every day.
If you're the one with
all the big ideas.
tell me why the hell you're
crying over Tariq St. Patrick.
This Noma bitch ain't no joke.
Yeah. now you see what
we're dealing with.
Well. that's why your
dumb ass should've thought
to keep me in the loop.
Now. how the fuck
am I just hearing
about this Russian shit
or the Jamaica Avenue boys?
You should have known the
Russians ain't stopping
with your father's funeral.
I need some ideas quick.
Don't look at Taylor Swift.
He not the one to help
out with the Russians.
Trust me.
All right. well. you the one
with all the bright ideas.
List 'em off. Einstein.
You the boss. right?
Why don't you tell us
what you want us to do?
Where's Dru?
Dru and Gordo are pulling
our products off the street.
Wall Street and the university
will pick up the slack.
That way. it keeps
the income coming.
I got this shit handled.
That'll work for now. but
we need something else.
If we're off the
streets for too long.
the Russians will claim
our turf as their own.
You got any bright ideas. Tariq?
What the fuck's
wrong with this guy?
He mad we killed his
wire-wearing bitch.
- Wire?
- Yeah.
It's been handled. though.
All you other niggas get
the fuck out of here.
I need to talk to
Tariq on his own.
Get the fuck out
of here. Hurry up.
Yeah. you a nigga too.
Really?
Dope.
What's up? You want to tell me
why you acting like this?
Well. you heard Cane.
He went behind my back
and killed Lauren.
Ain't that enough?
Damn. that's fucked up.
but you really over here crying
over some wire-wearing bitch?
The trial was over.
Well. it sounds like
she's a loose thread.
and loose threads need to be cut
so they don't come back
and hang you later.
Monet. you're not understanding.
All right. the cops
know she was murdered.
and now they're
investigating me.
Everywhere I go.
there's eyes on me.
I'm hot as fuck right now.
Well. you ain't dead her.
so you ain't got
shit to worry about.
You should be thanking
whoever took her ass out.
Now. I got a lot of
problems and no solutions.
You're my thinker.
Think.
All right.
Do the Castillos know
when the Russians
get their shipments in?
Dru can find out. Why?
I could call in a favour.
He could get the cops to seize
the Russians' next
drug shipment.
So with no product. they
can't serve on our turf.
And with the heat being on them.
they're gonna have to lay low.
so the attacks gonna stop.
Now. that's a plan.
Glad you decided to stop acting
like a little bitch. Tariq.
Tate couldn't get
us a commutation.
but he was able to get us
an expedited parole hearing.
Parole hearing questions
generally follow
a similar formula.
We won't be asked
anything groundbreaking.
That means they've heard the
same shit a million times.
True. but as long as Theo
comes across as sincere.
he has a shot.
I guess that's
better than nothing.
I'll make sure he's ready.
So uh. anything new
on the possible
murder investigation
into Lauren Baldwin's death?
I-I thought we already
talked about this.
As far as the authorities
are concerned.
she died in a car accident.
There's no murder investigation.
Are you certain?
Tariq's convinced.
He's being paranoid.
I mean. if you were
him. wouldn't you be?
I'm a little nervous.
Ah. don't be.
This is just a practice.
so you know what to expect.
You'll be fine.
Uh. do you admit your guilt?
I admitted it as
part of my plea deal.
That's a stupid question.
Okay. disrespect is
not the way. brother.
Do you have remorse
about what happened?
I do. and I pray about
what I did every day.
Amen.
Breakfast. lunch. dinner.
I even pray when
I'm on the toilet.
Okay. you don't need
to be so specific.
How will you make yourself a
productive member of society?
I haven't thought
about it. to be honest.
You must have some idea.
I guess I never really
thought I'd ever get out.
You're gonna be great. Theo.
Y'all didn't look too
happy with my answers.
They could use some
polish. That's all.
We both knew parole
would be a long shot.
I'm at peace with it.
We're getting you out. okay?
And the first place
we're going is that dock
where the helicopters land.
just like we used to. huh?
I don't know why this fool
loved it there so much.
We would always get hoarse
from yelling over the noise.
I just love watching them
float over the water.
- Yeah.
- All right.
For that. I'll do better.
You all right?
Fuck no.
Brother's gonna die in here.
He has a chance.
You saw how he did.
It isn't over. my friend.
There may be another way.
Hey. last of the product's
off the corners...
This should be it.
We gotta set up a defence
in case they try to hit us here.
Shouldn't he be home putting
a target on his family's back?
I get it. I'll go.
I just need to know
when the next Russian
- drug shipment is coming in.
- Why?
You want us to dig
our own graves?
The Russians will know
that came from us.
Yo. look. y'all
gotta trust me. okay?
We got a plan to
neutralise the Russians
and get back in the business.
We didn't sign up
for this shit. Dru.
We're gonna need to
renegotiate our deal.
Bigger risk. bigger cut.
50/50.
There's no way we can do that.
You so sure about that?
Bro. are you kidding me?
We helped you take out Paolo.
This is on all of us.
It's business. hermano.
something your dick
apparently don't understand.
It's got nothing to
do with me and Dru.
Our fathers were
practically blood.
The Tejadas are like family.
so we're gonna stand by them
like Papi would have wanted.
Take it to a vote
after he leaves.
It couldn't have been that bad.
He said he prays on the toilet.
I mean. there's
some logic to that.
I can fix this.
I need you to swap out one
member of Theo's parole panel
for someone who
will take a bribe
and guarantee his release.
I-I don't know.
Entrapment is messy.
Okay. Davis is
their consigliere.
If I stay in his good graces.
it's only a matter of time
before I find the information
we need to make our RICO case.
You've been saying that
for months. Cooper.
He has one of Whitman's
files in his office.
What?
You really buried
the lede there.
What's in the file?
I haven't been
able to access it.
but my point is. if
he has that file.
he's gotta have other even
more damning evidence in there.
Fine. do it.
But if you fuck
this up. so help me.
Cooper. I will cut
off your balls.
Oh...
yeah. y'know it's
so easy for you.
You get to stay here and
keep your hands clean
while I do the dirty work.
Cooper. chill.
No. I'm not gonna
fucking chill. Jenny.
You lied to my face.
That's fucked up.
Can't we move past this?
No. No. we can't.
Cooper...
look. I'm sorry.
Fuck your sorry.
I'm working with you
because it's the best way
to bring these motherfuckers
down. but you lie to me.
you blindside me in any way.
I won't hesitate to burn you.
Cooper...
Are we clear?
Yeah. okay.
Is there any way...
Is there any way someone
in the DA's office
could have uh. tipped Tariq
off to the investigation?
No. we're completely
siloed. Why?
He seems to know something.
You think Lauren could
have said something to him?
Absolutely not.
Why would she put her
own life in jeopardy
by telling that
murderer anything?
Nigga. are you being followed?
Shit. I can't be seen
with your shady ass.
Look. I'm already
down on the polls.
You're on your own. Tariq.
Listen. I got something that
could help your campaign.
get you back up in the numbers.
Tick-tock. Clock's
ticking. nigga.
What?
The Russian motherfuckers.
they got a drug shipment
coming in tomorrow.
I'm thinking could call
your old NYPD friends.
take credit for
the bust. you know.
get you back up on the polls.
How do I know you
ain't bullshitting me
and you ain't gonna burn
me like you did last time?
Listen. these Russians. they
fucking with my business.
So this is payback.
Me and you. we both
win in this situation.
Well. you are indeed a
businessman at heart.
Mr. St. Patrick.
I'll give you that.
For this quid. I'll quo.
Do you remember the days
I billed you for calls?
I miss them.
Did you find out anything
about the investigation?
There isn't one.
Saxe confirmed it.
Well. either Saxe doesn't
know or he's fucking lying.
What makes you so
sure about this?
I just am.
I gotta go.
And that time you picked us
up when our car broke down.
You had three kilos
of coke in the tire.
Yeah.
I told you clowns not to
drive that damn beater.
Lucky for y'all asses.
I showed up. right?
You were my guardian angel.
Still as strong and
beautiful as ever.
You late. Dru.
Been having Kai waiting.
Sorry. something came up.
Not a problem.
I always got time for
you and your family.
That's not what you said
when we were looking
for a connect.
- Dru. stop.
- It's all right. Mo.
The boy's grieving.
as we all are.
Dru. I promise you.
the Russians will pay
for what they've
done to your family.
Kai. the Russians are the reason
I asked you here tonight.
They hit our street operation.
and I know they've been
giving you problems.
Both our lives would be
easier if they were put down
like the dogs that they are.
It's not a good time.
The feds roped up a dozen
of my guys last month.
- I'm stretched thin.
- You told me
to get vengeance for Papi.
and now we're in a war.
and you can't help?
Any son with balls would want
payback for their father.
- Oh. I got balls. nigga.
- Enough. enough!
Look... I understand
you gotta take care of
your business first.
Let me walk you out.
I'm sorry about my
son's mouth tonight.
and I really appreciate
you coming by.
I'll come see you soon.
I'm gonna hold you
to that promise.
You do that.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
You trying to lose us a ally?
Ma. that nigga ain't shit.
and I see the way
he looks at you.
Pops ain't even cold.
And y'all niggas up in here
eating fucking wine and cheese?
And the Russians are
raining fire down on us.
We need all the help we can get.
All we have are some fucking
corner boys and the Castillos.
We might not even have
the Castillos. Ma.
They're asking for a
bigger cut... 50/50.
Boy. why can't you bring
me some good news for once?
Look. Gordo's gonna try
to talk to his brothers
and talk them out
of it. all right?
He said Frank would
have wanted it.
He said we... we family.
Well. hopefully
they listen to him.
I'm glad you got him on lock.
It's not even like that. Ma.
Oh. Dru. stop it.
This your mom.
I see the way he looks at you.
That boy is whipped.
I don't know. I feel like...
I feel like we could be
something. me and him.
Is that... is that crazy?
No crazier than
your father and me.
We built a life together.
You could too.
But remember. just
because you and Gordo
are on the same page
doesn't mean his family is.
Make sure you always
have his ear. not them.
You want to stay for dinner?
I can't.
Cane and I got some business
we gotta finish up tonight.
All right.
Tell Cane to give me a call.
All right. I will.
- All right. love you.
- Love you.
- Thanks. Ma.
- Yeah.
Did you know she was that good?
I'm surprised you didn't know.
Look at this.
Yeah. put your hands up.
Represent for all the
big booty Black girls
in the building.
Period.
Give it up for
Brushaundria. y'all.
Okay. okay.
Now. with a little
soft spoken word.
we got the big man
on campus himself.
Give it up for
Salim Ashe Freeman.
You sure you want
to do this. man?
Gotta see it through. man.
My heart is empty.
but for my love.
Do not think me meek.
My voice loud with regret
because I owe a debt
for words I spoke.
With reckless sincerity.
but not with boundless sympathy.
For your loss
I grieve anew.
My soul is empty
but for my hope
that you will allow
me what I seek.
which is to be forgivable
for the unforgivable hurt
I've caused.
Because now I have foreseen
my past and future queen.
Diana. that's you.
Ooh.
What's up with you?
You're not gonna acknowledge
what I just did up there?
You wrote some
corny-ass poem. Salim.
I'm not impressed.
I expect you to respect me
for putting my heart
on that stage for you.
I'm not one of your groupies.
so get one of them
to suck your dick.
That's really how you feel?
You really gonna
talk to me like that?
It's true. ain't it?
What?
That you've been fuckin' Tariq.
First of all. who I'm fuckin'
ain't none of yo' business.
and I'll pay you back for
the little books you lent me.
I wanted to help you. but
I should have known better.
Yeah. the taint
is in your blood.
It was only a matter of time
before you start fuckin'
some piece-of-shit drug-dealing
murderer like Tariq.
Fuck you.
Don't fucking talk
to me like that.
Yeah. I know you've
been selling drugs
out the candy shop too.
You ain't slick.
I'm not selling
any drugs. Salim.
Okay. well. I'm gonna
enjoy watching you squirm
while I figure out
what to do about it.
Clear your shit out.
You're done.
What the fuck do you want?
I want to talk.
I'm listening.
All right. so the photo
of Noma and her kid.
I need it.
I'm getting us out from
under Noma's control.
I'll give you the picture...
if you let me back
in the business.
Why the fuck would I do
that? I can't trust you.
And I can't fucking trust
you not to give me up
if I give it to you.
You can't trust me?
I told you in confidence
that I was getting Lauren
out of the fucking
city to protect her.
You went behind my back.
And I was trying to protect you.
You were protecting
yourself. as always.
Listen. Lauren wasn't a
fucking threat. Effie.
You think you know what
the fuck you're doing
all the time. You
didn't need to kill her.
Oh. I'm sorry.
You are just so
fucking weak. it hurts.
And that's why I
had to take care
of your little girlfriend.
because you couldn't.
You're just so fucking damaged.
I don't know why I fucked
with you in the first place.
Get the fuck out.
Are you still fixing
the CrashCoin servers?
Your processors there
at Weston Holdings
are slowing us down.
Yo. what the fuck just happened?
Brownout.
The entire system's down.
We can reboot the
servers remotely.
Okay. well. what
are you waiting on?
Chop. chop.
Yo. you get it done?
Yo. yo. yo. relax. my brother.
NYPD is moving in as we speak.
All right.
Come on! Move!
They fucking did what?
This significant victory
isn't just a result
of the contacts I
made in my long career
as a law enforcement officer.
It's also due to the hard
work and selfless dedication
of my brothers and sisters
in arms in the NYPD.
And together. we will ensure
that the great
people of New York
remain safe under my watch
as their elected
representative in Congress.
I need a shower.
Same. but I'll take
mine in bleach.
Tate didn't get that
scoop from anyone he knew
from his days at NYPD.
Of course he didn't.
but the question is.
how did he get it?
Okay. let's just...
Let's go over everything again.
These are the drugs
confiscated from today.
These are from the
Jamaica Avenue boys
shootings yesterday.
as well as the Stansfield
University rooftop
deposited by the newly
matriculated Tejada.
No match.
Tate and Tariq
feed off each other
like the parasites
that they are.
This is all related.
I just don't know how.
I mean. we know Tate's
working both sides here.
What if the tip came from Tariq?
A campaign boost in exchange
for kneecapping a rival.
Makes sense... The
Russians attack
their supply lines. so they
took away the Russian supply.
And now it's a stalemate.
No one's moving any product.
I wouldn't be so
sure about that.
Maybe the streets
are off limits.
but if I know Tariq. he's
moving weight somewhere.
I bet my house
that he and Brayden are
selling out of Weston Holdings.
I've had eyes on them for weeks.
Nothing's gone in or
out of Weston Holdings.
It's worth a follow-up.
Those Wall Street
douchebags love their drugs.
and Weston Holdings is
the perfect market for it.
Even if Tariq and Brayden
have been careful.
chances are their
clients haven't.
Hey. you gotta hand it to Tariq.
He got shit done.
Did you bring it?
What the fuck is this?
We had to pull from the street.
so that's all I could do.
Yeah. we have a whole
warehouse of weight. though.
I know. and Monet
got it all going
to the universities
and Wall Street.
So that right there is
the best I could do.
But I can get some more soon.
Fuck soon. Cane.
Tuition is due now.
How much you need?
I'm not taking your money.
Stansfield ain't
cheap. Effie. okay?
And I know you ain't
got it like that.
Fuck you.
Effie. I'm serious. all right?
I won't miss it.
I said no.
I'm not gonna be your
little charity case.
I'll figure something else out.
In this country. labor unions
exchange backbreaking labor
for "fair" wage from
their employers.
Silicon Valley entrepreneurs
weaponise their billions
to leverage control.
Parents manage their
children's careers
in exchange for a
lavish lifestyle.
All of these agreements
offer benefits to both sides.
but does mutual benefit
mean that the deal is fair?
Anybody?
There is no such thing
as a completely fair deal
as long as we live in
an unequal society.
But we live in a free society.
so everyone is
allowed to say no.
unless there is a gun
involved. of course.
But it depends on what
you consider a gun.
Power. information. leverage.
those can also be weapons.
But then maybe you shouldn't
put yourself in harm's way.
Oh. so you're blaming the
victim for the imbalances
our societal
institutions created?
Seems a little off-brand
for you. Salim.
Okay. it's true that
our society is unfair.
But what my single
mother taught me
is that when the
boss lowballs you.
you find another job.
And when somebody offers
you a helping hand.
you take it with gratitude.
That depends on their motives.
Because nobody's giving
anything for free. right?
By the time you figure
out what they really want.
it's too late.
Hey. Ma.
Why haven't you been
answering my calls?
I was just...
I-I've been busy.
I'm sorry.
What's wrong. Diana?
Everything. actually.
I mean. school's a lot harder
than I thought it would be.
Oh. baby. you'll find your way.
You're smart. you're
strong. just like me.
You can handle anything.
Yeah. but I don't
know this time.
I mean. I'm having
problems with this guy.
and it's getting messy.
Wait. nobody fucks
with my baby girl.
Who the fuck is he?
I'll come up there and talk
some sense into his ass.
No. I'm good.
I can handle him.
I'm just like you. right?
You taught me everything I know.
I got this.
All right. baby. be careful.
I love you.
Elliott Mades.
Okay. is that a new client
or a surprising Tinder match?
I'm interested in one.
not so much the other.
He's one of the parole board
members at Theo's hearing.
This guy's dirty.
There have been rumours
about him taking bribes
for years.
This is how we get Theo out.
He's just one vote out of three.
These boards are filled
with jaded individuals
who will rubberstamp anything.
The loudest voice in
the room wins the day.
I don't know. Saxe.
I mean. you know I'm
not opposed to greasing
a few well-placed
palms. but this?
We're talking about a
government official here.
There are consequences
to getting caught.
I'm so sure this will work.
I'll make the approach myself.
I will.
I just...
I need your go-ahead.
Do what you gotta do
to get my brother out.
Great.
Just uh. one problem.
I'll need a lot
of cash. and fast.
Cash.
Not a problem.
What you doing here still?
Why are you asking?
I mean. usually. you're
the first one out.
Yeah. I just have a special
project to do for my uncle.
Higher-up shit. You don't
gotta worry about it.
Yeah. whatever.
Later.
Peace.
Come on. Lauren.
Fuck.
Everything is in order.
Hey. this one isn't
gonna be easy.
Don't worry. Mr. Saxe.
I'm very persuasive
when I need to be.
Make sure you are.
You should leave
before I call the cops.
The cops?
Boy. I'm not worried about that.
I figured we both have secrets
we don't want to get out. right?
I mean. what if all
your flunkies knew
their hero and leader
who survived the hood.
super hotep Salim Ashe Freeman
was actually Trevor Nelson
from Silver Spring. Maryland?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Oh. really?
Okay. well. since you
want to play dumb.
I wasn't too sure it was
you either. because damn.
you are not photogenic.
But it's definitely you.
because this is your prep
school yearbook photo.
You at an equestrian
competition. second place.
very impressive.
But this one is by
far my favourite.
It's the people who adopted
you when you were just a baby.
And look. they're white.
and at a fundraiser
for that orange motherfucker.
I mean. damn. I didn't
see this one coming.
You always talk about
your single mother this.
your single mother that.
Where the fuck is
the struggle. Trevor?
Or whatever the
fuck your name is.
So what?
That don't mean shit.
Trevor Nelson is my past.
But I can make him your
present and your future.
Okay. fine. You win.
I won't say anything.
We good?
No. we not good.
Given the size of
your trust fund.
you will reduce your hours
here so you can give students
who actually need the
money. some shifts.
And as for me. I'm
gonna need a raise.
You know I work too damn
hard. and FICA is a bitch.
Now we're good.
Go and watch the car.
Are you serious?
You gave Kai a lot of attitude.
He don't need to see you.
You've always been my
right hand man. Cane.
and I can always count on you
to help keep our family safe.
But everything depends on you
following my lead tonight.
no questions asked.
There you go. doing that
thing you like to do.
trying to manipulate me
to do whatever you want.
I'm gonna need more than that.
You're right. I need
to start treating you
like the man you've become.
but I ain't got time
to explain right now.
I told you and Dru what's
gonna happen here tonight.
so you gotta trust me
to save our family.
Now. you gonna help me or not?
Looks like you cleared
out the place for me.
I'm flattered.
Oh. you got jokes.
This is the After Hours spot.
We ain't open yet.
You sure Cane doesn't
want to come in?
He's still mad at me.
Let him stay outside.
Besides. he doesn't need to
hear what I'm about to say.
I want a partnership.
And what do I get out
of this partnership?
What you've always wanted.
It's too soon.
Your family wouldn't like that.
That's why they're not
in this room right now.
Look. when Lorenzo
was locked up.
I held the business down.
and when he got out.
he pushed me out.
So to be honest. I'm not exactly
grieving his loss right now.
That's his mistake.
You were always the brains.
Mo. we all know that.
So now you know
what you're getting
out of this partnership.
My business. my mind...
and the rest of me.
I've been waiting for you
to say that for years.
What the fuck?
Fuck!
You two-faced bitch.
I got you. I got you.
Dru was supposed to
wait for my signal.
I know. them niggas almost
had a drop on me though.
You good?
Yeah. baby.
I'm glad you came.
I knew I can always
depend on you.
Now go check on Dru.
Ma!
The fuck. Dru?
Another car pulled up.
I had to act fast.
He was coming in to see Kai.
I don't want to
hear your excuses.
Clean up this body.
All right.
What the fuck was that?
What?
His texts...
He killed Papi.
Let me see that.
Kai was too chicken shit
to go against
Lorenzo on his own.
He was working with someone.
Set up a meet with
whoever he was texting
and take this fucker out.
I need you both
there to make sure
this shit is handled
for our family.
Yeah. we'll take care of it.
All of our loan programs
are currently at capacity.
Well. I'm so sorry.
This has all kind of been
more of an adjustment than
I thought it would be.
Please. I just need
a bit more time
to get my tuition
payment together.
Let me pull up your file.
Well. actually. this says
that your account is paid
through the end of the term.
You know. let me make a
hard copy of your file.
just for your records.
Pretty ballsy for
you to come here
after everything you've done.
I brought you a peace offering.
I appreciate the gesture.
but why kill your old ally?
Kai played us both.
He set up Lorenzo's
murder. then framed you.
hoping we'd take
each other down.
He was no ally.
Plus. his fucking breath stink.
Now that our mutual enemy
is dead. do we have a truce?
Today. that sound is like
music to my ears. bruh.
We did it.
You're a free man.
Yeah. you're right.
Better to not compromise
your treatment
before it starts.
I'll tell you what.
I'll have one for both of us.
You haven't said a
word since you got out.
Look. I know it
feels overwhelming.
but you'll get used
to it. I promise.
No chance in hell I
was getting parole
the way I answered
those questions.
You did something. Davis.
The most important
thing is you out. right?
I took the fall for you
because you was
gonna be somebody.
Now your ass could go to prison.
So what you're saying is
I should have just
let you die in there?
If you go in for this.
then my time was for nothing.
My life didn't mean shit.
Okay. come on...
Finish your beer.
Then drop me off at
the treatment facility.
After that. don't
bother visiting.
Good work. Agent Young.
You just got us our
first big break.
I just stole some trash.
Which will help us
take some human trash
off the streets for good.
The packaging for the drugs
that you found at
Weston Holdings
is a match for
the drugs we found
on the Stansfield rooftop
and the Jamaica Avenue
boys crime scenes.
Lab analyses show all
three sources have
identical levels of purity.
Which means the Tejada
street operation.
the Wall Street drug trade.
and the university drug pipeline
are all connected.
Sounds like a RICO to me.
More good news. someone
else of interest
popped up on our
rooftop cameras.
Effie Morales.
Tariq's girlfriend
and the prime
suspect in the murder
of Lauren Baldwin.
who is alive and well
and ready to testify.
You sneaky bitch.
I think we're ready to
bring this to Medina.
Lauren. are you all right?
I was so worried.
Right. Worried about
me or yourself?
Both of us. of course.
Okay. look. I don't
have much time.
They're moving me out
of the safe house.
Shit.
Then that means they're
moving forward with your case.
Look. we need to talk.
I have proof that
you can trust me.
What is it?
I gotta show you in person.
Tariq. I can't.
All right. listen. Lauren.
both of our futures are at
stake right now. all right?
You need to meet with me before
you say anything to them.
It's five minutes.
Just please. Lauren. please.
I can't believe you talked
your brothers out of
going back on our deal.
If I knew talking business
is what gets you
going like this.
I'd talk business all the time.
Yes. please.
No. for real. though...
how'd you convince
your brothers?
I told them our
word was our bond.
and if they couldn't
stay true to that.
there was no place for me there.
You would have given
up your family...
for our agreement?
Come on.
You don't think you're worth it?
So... so this is serious?
Ain't that shit obvious?
I guess so.
Oh. shit. shit.
What?
I didn't realise
how late it was.
Y'know. I gotta roll.
Okay.
Good god.
Dru...
I trusted you.
Dru!
Dru. what the fuck?
It was him.
He killed Papi.
I got you. man.
I got you.
You handle it?
No worries.
I'm so sorry. baby.
So sorry.
Everything looks normal.
Are you kidding me?
Keke. the entire firm
is a giant fucking Ponzi scheme.
You need to calm down.
Gordon Gekko.
You've only been here
for five minutes.
You have no idea what
you're talking about.
There are two sets of books
with totally different
deposits and withdrawals.
The balance sheets don't add up.
And what about the
hidden staircase
with the fucking
secret shredding room?
I mean. isn't that how
the whole Madoff
thing was set up?
You know what? I will
look over these tonight.
We will discuss
this in the morning.
No. we're not discussing
anything in the morning.
Something is seriously fucked.
I need to talk to
my uncle right now.
Brayden. Brayden!
You think Weston Holdings
is a giant Ponzi scheme?
Okay. well. that's
what the evidence says.
You do realise that we've been
a pillar of the financial
industry for generations?
We comply with onerous
reporting obligations.
the SEC. and other
government agencies.
But that just means it's
an extremely well
run Ponzi scheme.
You're right.
Fuck!
I didn't want to be right.
Does my dad know
about this shit?
Your dad is so uptight.
he would have an
instantaneous stroke.
No. this is all me.
I saved this firm and
our family from ruin.
So you should be thanking me.
Now. who else did you
show these documents to?
- No one.
- Huh.
I swear.
You're an awful fucking liar.
Keke. get in here.
She has nothing to do with this.
What's going on?
Does this have to do
with the paperwork
Brayden showed me?
You can drop the act. Keke.
Oh.
You knew about this shit?
Keke and a few select
others helped me
keep this whole thing going.
How?
Through creative record-keeping.
You saw our work for yourself.
And we keep everyone in the dark
by bringing in new investors
to keep our accounts flush.
And that's the trick.
If you do it right. which we do.
no one will ever know.
Okay. but no matter what.
someone always ends up
holding the bag at the end.
You guys are fucking criminals.
Wow.
He just called us criminals.
Yeah.
When... when he and Tariq
are running a drug
operation under my roof.
You opened your fucking
mouth about that?
You said you wouldn't.
Brayden. we've known
since the beginning.
To be honest. I just wanted
to hear you admit it.
I was actually kind of hoping
that you'd set something up
like you did at Stansfield.
All that sweet
undocumented cashola
just helps keep this gig
going that much longer.
Okay. well. I need
that money back.
and Tariq's trust fund too.
That's not how this works.
So here's some advice. Um...
keep your fucking mouth shut.
If any of this gets out.
it will destroy your family.
No one has to lose.
Okay?
Oh. um. one more thing.
In case you're thinking of going
all Rachel Dolezal on me.
remember. I know about
your drug business.
And I assure you. my prison
will be a lot nicer than yours.
You were using me this
whole fucking time.
No. it was not the whole time.
Look. I actually
like you. Brayden.
Fuck you. Keke.
Cheer up. Bray...
It is not all that bad.
Look. we don't have to
lie to each other anymore.
We're in this together.
Brayden.
Excuse me. I got a question.
How much you gonna charge
me for that badge tonight?
This enough?
Yeah. I'll take the hat
and that jacket as well.
I'll debrief Medina first.
You bring Lauren up
after I give the okay.
Hang tight.
Um. do I have a second
to use the bathroom?
Tariq.
They're about to
take me upstairs.
Where's your proof?
I got it right here.
I told you in confidence
that I was getting Lauren
out of the fucking
city to protect her.
You went behind my back.
And I was trying to protect you.
You were protecting yourself.
like you always are.
Listen. Lauren wasn't a
fucking threat. Effie.
You didn't need to kill her.
You are just so
fucking weak. it hurts.
That's why I had to take care
of your little girlfriend.
because you couldn't.
Okay. I believe you.
Thank you.
But it's too late.
The feds are
building a RICO case
against you and the Tejadas.
A RICO?
What the fuck do
they have on me?
Evidence on the drug business.
as well as all those murders
committed to sustain it.
including mine.
It's all about to
happen right now.
Fuck.
All right. listen. Lauren.
you can't say a
word to them. okay?
I need to figure out something
to get us out of this shit
so we can get back
to our regular lives.
Okay. you're right.
WITSEC is just a one-way
street to oblivion.
I'll get you as
much time as I can.
All right. Thank you.
But shit. a RICO
is fucking huge.
How did Saxe not see
this shit coming?
He did.
Saxe is working with the feds.
Saxe is a fucking mole.
Shit.
There you go. Ma.
Oh. thank you. baby.
You're welcome.
Yes. yes. yes. yes.
Hey. I can't lie. this
food look real good.
I miss these family dinners.
Thank y'all for having me back.
Well. me too.
Now shut up. and let's eat.
Cane. can keep pass me
the cornbread. please?
- You know Ma made that.
- I know.
Listen. the food is banging.
Greens could use
a little bit more seasoning.
And for somebody who
don't like them greens.
you sure are slurping it up.
You better shut up.
You gonna tell me how to cook.
Police! Hands on the table!
Yo. what the fuck is this?
This shit better
be fucking good.
Would an arrest warrant
suffice. Mrs. Tejada?
Diana Tejada. stand up.
You are under arrest
for possession
of an illegal narcotic
with intent to distribute.
What the fuck are
you talking about?
Stand the fuck up.
- Ma.
- Don't fucking fuck up.
Don't speak to my
child like that.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
shut the fuck up.
Diana. we gonna
come and get you.
You have the right
to an attorney.
- If you can't afford one...
- Don't say a fucking word.
One will be appointed to you.
Ma.
I'm coming to get you. baby.
Fuck.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org